In this video, you will learn how to use
the multi-dose Mounjaro® KwikPen®.
It is important to properly store and handle the Mounjaro KwikPen.
Please read the Instructions for Use that come with your KwikPen.
Make sure to review the front and back of the Mounjaro carton
for important information and safety instructions for this medicine.
You should always use the medicine
exactly as your doctor or pharmacist has told you.
Please read the package leaflet and instructions for use
before using the Mounjaro KwikPen
and each time you get your refill.
The Mounjaro KwikPen is a multi-use pen
that contains four fixed doses of 0.6 millilitres,
one dose to be taken weekly.
Each pen is for one patient only
and should not be used by anyone other than you,
even if the needle is changed.
You may get or give others a serious infection
if you share your pen.
The Mounjaro KwikPen injects the medicine subcutaneously,
or, in other words, under the skin.
Do not transfer solution from your Mounjaro KwikPen
into a syringe.
Do not inject the leftover medication.
People who are blind or have vision problems
should not use the KwikPen
without help from a person trained to use the KwikPen.
Ready to learn how to use your Mounjaro KwikPen?
Let’s begin with preparing for your injection.
You will need these supplies for your injection:
1 Mounjaro KwikPen
1 KwikPen-compatible needle
1 Alcohol swab
Gauze
1 Puncture-resistant container for throwing away used needles
Remove the carton from the refrigerator.
Remove the KwikPen from the carton.
We will now review the steps to inject your dose of Mounjaro.
First, get ready for your injection
by washing your hands with soap and water.
Pull the cap straight off and inspect the KwikPen and label.
Check the KwikPen label to make sure
that the medication name and dose strength
match your prescription
and that it has not expired.
The medicine should be colourless to slightly yellow.
Do not use the medicine if it has been frozen,
is cloudy, discoloured, or has particles in it.
Wipe the red inner seal with an alcohol swab.
Select a new pen needle.
Always use a new pen needle for each injection
to help prevent infections and blocked needles.
Pull off the paper tab from the outer needle shield.
Push the capped pen needle straight onto the pen
and twist the pen needle on until it is tight.
Pull off the outer needle shield and keep it.
This will be reused.
Pull off the inner needle shield.
Put it in your household trash.
Next, slowly turn the dose knob until you hear two clicks
and the extended line is shown in the dose window.
This is the priming position.
It can be corrected by turning the dose knob in either direction
until the prime position lines up to the dose indicator.
Then, hold your KwikPen with the needle pointing up.
Tap the cartridge holder gently to collect air bubbles at the top.
Next, you will need to release some medicine into the air
by pushing the dose knob in until it stops.
After the dose knob stops,
begin slowly counting to 5 while holding the dose knob.
The 0 icon must be shown in the dose window.
Do not inject into your body.
Priming removes air from the cartridge
and makes sure your KwikPen is working correctly.
You will see a drop of medicine come out
of the tip of the pen needle.
If you do not see medicine,
repeat this step no more than two additional times.
If you still do not see medicine,
change the pen needle and repeat this step
no more than one additional time.
If you still do not see medicine,
contact your local Lilly office
listed in the patient information leaflet.
Now, choose your injection site.
You or another person can inject Mounjaro
into your thighs or stomach
at least 5 centimetres from the belly button.
Or you can have another person give you the injection
in the back of your upper arm.
Change or rotate your injection site each week.
You may use the same area of your body,
but be sure to choose a different injection site in that area.
Now, turn the dose knob all the way out
until it stops and the dose window displays the number 1.
This position is equal to a full dose.
Then, insert the needle into your skin.
Inject the medicine by pushing the dose knob.
Press the dose knob until it stops,
and only then do you start counting slowly to 5
while pushing down on the dose knob.
You will know your injection is complete
when you see the dose window display the number 0.
Pull the needle out of your skin.
A drop of medicine on the needle tip is normal.
It will not affect your dose.
Confirm the 0 icon is in the window.
If you see the 0 icon, then you have received the full dose.
If you do not see the 0 icon in the dose window,
insert the needle back into your skin and finish your injection.
Do not redial the dose.
If you see blood after you pull the needle out of your skin,
lightly press the injection site with gauze or a cotton ball.
Do not rub the injection site.
Carefully replace the outer needle shield.
Then unscrew the capped needle.
Do not store the pen with the needle attached to prevent leaking,
blocking of the needle,
or air from entering the pen.
Throw away your used needle immediately after each injection
into your puncture-resistant container.
If you do not have a puncture-resistant container,
you may use a household container that is:
made of a heavy-duty plastic;
fit with a puncture-resistant lid that can be closed tightly
to prevent needles from coming out;
upright and stable during use;
leak resistant;
and properly labelled to warn of hazardous waste
inside the container.
Do not recycle your used puncture-resistant container.
Ask your healthcare provider
or follow the community guidelines in your area
on how to properly dispose
of your puncture-resistant container.
Replace the pen cap.
Do not store the pen without the pen cap attached.
You may store your used pen at room temperature
up to 30°C after your injection.
Keep away from heat.
Throw away the pen 30 days after first use,
even if the pen has medicine left in it.
Your Mounjaro KwikPen should not be used
past its 30-day in-use period.
After 30 days, the Mounjaro KwikPen is not suitable for use.
Throw away the used pen after receiving four weekly doses.
There may be some medicine still left in the pen
after the four weekly doses were administered.
Attempting to inject any leftover medicine
could result in an incomplete dose
even though the pen still has medicine in it.
Throw away the used pen in a puncture-resistant container.
If you have any questions or concerns about administering Mounjaro,
please contact your healthcare provider
or Eli Lilly and Company.